aham unimpeded in the cup area america
take me to fucking wanted chile
I'd start a salve for my one step.
rep master the fact arm and came so
thousands of all Brazilian teams
But I'll have to talk and I'll follow
good measure zedu thousand degree that I
grow along this channel and turn
national success
luciane with this joke in a place
only worked because of the return of the
brazil fred a marketing idea
but now none has arrived.
Youtube already conquered Brazil but this one
Do not fool me , Ronaldo.
subject is that it extends what it pays
ball that the father but sergio binds that came
to carry the canal in the back
masked foreigner than everyone
likes about Bolivia he two of the wounded
thomas that it only serves to
hide the face of beggar and alex
back to you turned the oracle we knew
he was entering a hole and
god paulo bahia could apologize for
jason vieira this friend will end up not
I introduced myself, my name is Jorge, pleasure in
meet them to show my strength
all Brazilians about the only guild
about these cases did not like the
My rhyme is going to take in the eye.
fabrizio beauty
My name is João I am 22
years the general chamber rio grande do sul
ground
So you know that my application is for
go to Chile with you and enter the channel
they also said videla and needed tuesday
fair I think the video start in
that everything if not you said need
already a lot of football and we agree the most
Fuck you, you must be zidane.
I already interviewed the galley.
receive hosting information
in a hotel with so much to know and
there without speaking all the talent with the ball
on foot right?
I also believe that you want a car
private and point
I'll always do you things I know.
play guitar
you sing " oh yeah, the lead singer of
a band of income
only who cares he and
You also need to speak very well.
English
then I will have problem in speaking with
green ne
even because I never a year in the states
united even friday now me
I'm changing rock from Brazil, going with
sharp English to work with you
can be a very ashamed person
but I do not think I have much
shame do not have too much shame
there are surely many people going to talk
So I put the channel on forever
since the time of the celso donato this face
ugly in the degree and sometimes always after
bolivia ninth round only watched in
Brazilian a murderer another place
You do not have the same grace and also I only
I'm funny, man.
If it's a lack of autographs here, I fall
It lacked only a hug douglas coast is
today in the selection and this pact is that this
also but it was needless be lucky
It has to be a video for me.
that run for editing and is already day 10
exactly what it cut by 36 in the afternoon
Only here in the United States, then.
it would be 6 and 46 in Brazil
That's what he said that leads to Chile.
for 1 to 1 cam pro shiller